I hope I'm not late
for Barbara's karate competition.
[CHUCKLES]
You know, what's it like having
a girlfriend who can kick your butt?
She cannot kick my butt!
Please. She can kick it, flip it
and throw it across the room.
You're right.
-I got to learn karate.
-I could teach you.
[BOTH LAUGH]
What?
You take karate
with your little friends in kindergarten?
No. My dad works on a cruise ship.
And while we were docked in Japan,
I studied martial arts
at the Tokugawa Academy.
[SCOFFS]
Yeah, and I learned to fly while
my rocket ship was docked on Mars.
[LAUGHS]
No, really.
Ooh! That was cute, kid.
-[CHUCKLES]
-[DINGS]
-Whoa.
-Wow!
Can you teach me how to-- Ooh!
I could have thrown you further,
but I didn't warm up.
♪ Here I am in your life ♪
♪ Here you are in mine
Yes, we have a suite life ♪
♪ Most of the time ♪
♪ You and me
We got the world to see ♪
♪ So come on down ♪
♪ Just me and you know what to do
So come on down ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ And me and you
We got the whole place to ourselves ♪
♪ You and me, we got it all for free
So come on down ♪
♪ This is the suite life ♪
♪ We've got a suite life ♪
-[DIALING]
-Did someone lose their cell phone?
How do you know it's not mine?
[SCOFFS]
Please.
That phone costs
more than your entire wardrobe.
Then again, so does this candy bar.
London, for the last time, a Thousand-
Dollar bar does not cost $1000.
Then Nia owes me a lot of change.
I'll go put this in the lost and found.
Oh! Wait. I have an idea!
You better say it quickly
before it dies of loneliness.
Let's check out the phone
and see what stuff is on it.
[PLAYS VIVALDI'S "SPRING"]
That's Vivaldi. I love Vivaldi!
No, his name is David. See?
[GASPS]
Ooh, his wallpaper is Van Gogh's Irises.
That's my favorite painting!
We have so much in common!
Gee, you found your perfect match.
I now pronounce you phone and wife.
[PLAYING VIVALDI'S "SPRING"]
Isn't botany fascinating?
Oh, yeah. I love flowers.
How'd you like to study these two lips?
Well, that's a start.
Zack, we're here to study,
and you've got a lot to learn.
Hey, I'm willing to stay after school.
Good-bye.
[SIGHS]
Well, looks like it's just you and me.
BOTH:
Konichiwa, Zack-san!
Right back at you, San and San.
Travis is teaching me how to be a master
at karate so I can impress Barbara.
[WAILING]
Man, I wish I could find
a way to impress Dakota.
Yeah? Just don't show her
your report card.
[LAUGHS]
That's not funny.
You know, I won Barbara over
by cooking her a gourmet meal.
Oh. Great idea, except I can't cook.
I can help you out.
I learned how to be a gourmet chef
when dad's ship was docked in Monte Carlo.
-Did you know that Monaco is also a ta--
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, you going to help me out this weekend?
-Sure.
-Hey, hey, hey.
-He's helping me.
-I can help you both.
And maybe after that,
we can all go bowling.
I've never been bowling before.
So you've run with the bulls in Pamplona,
but you've never been bowling?
Yeah. Dad thinks it's dangerous.
Go figure.
Well, you got yourself a deal.
-Whoa!
-Hyah!
Why did you do that?
Lesson number one, expect the unexpected.
Yeah. You know,
I'd write that down, but my hand is numb.
[CHUCKLES]
That's not funny.
Pardon me, miss.
Uh, I lost a phone here yesterday.
And I found one.
It must be Kismet.
No, it's David.
[GIGGLES]
Hi, David.
[BELL DINGS]
Well, thank you.
[LAUGHS]
You know, I'm a cellist on my way
to perform Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
Would you be my guest?
[SIGHS]
I'd love to.
But I don't have a formal gown handy.
[SIGHS]
It's beautiful!
Where did you get it?
From the dirty clothes pile.
We ran out of quarters.
Sorry.
I was just dreaming
about this guy whose phone I found.
He's a rich, charming cellist
who works to save the rainforest.
[SQUEALS]
You can tell all that from a phone?
And more.
This Thursday, he's volunteering
at the Feed the Needy Foundation.
That's my favorite charity!
They catered my aunt's wedding.
Where was she registered, a pawn shop?
Maybe.
Ooh. Wow. Impressive!
You can beat up a pillow.
You know,
that Travis kid has taught me a lot.
You've only had two lessons.
What could he have taught you?
The Sleep of the Striking Cobra.
There's no such thing as the Sleep--
[SNORES]
Wow! It worked!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Come in.
Hey, Barbara.
Hey, Cody.
-Why are you wearing a gi?
-Well, I'm learning karate, too.
I've been practicing on Zack.
Ahh. Sleep of the Striking Cobra.
Yeah. And I've learned
much more than that.
Check this out.
Ow, ow, ow! Ow, ow, ow! Ow, ow, ow!
Ow, ow, ow! Ow, ow, ow!
[GROANS]
Well, maybe you can still
beat me up, but not for long.
Why does it matter if I can beat you up?
Because I'm the guy and you're the girl,
and the guys are supposed to be tougher.
And by the way,
you're bruising my sternum.
What a sexist attitude.
I thought you were more evolved than that.
I am. It's just...
I don't people to think
that I'm the weaker sex.
Oh, so, now I have
to be weak to be with you?
No. Not weak. Just weaker.
Oh, well, if that's the way you feel,
then forget it.
No, no, no! That's not what I meant!
-You see--
-Oh, I don't want to hear it.
[SNORES]
Here you go.
I charged the battery.
Thanks for saving my phone.
Now, I'm off to save the rainforest.
All by yourself?
Actually, I was hoping
to take along a spunky blond.
I'm spunky and blond!
I dye my roots brown.
Madeline?
Why are you hanging on my tie?
Oh! Sorry, sir.
I thought it was a vine.
She's having another fantasy
about the guy who owns that phone.
-[GIGGLES]
-Madeline,
if you found a phone,
you must put it in lost and found.
No!
It would break my heart if the phone rang
and someone else answered it.
[PLAYS VIVALDI'S "SPRING"]
-I'll get it!
-What?
Hello! Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Okey-doke. Bye, David.
That was David.
Really?
What did he say?
He's coming to pick this phone up at 5.
[GASPS]
He's coming here?
I have to get my hair done!
I have to buy a ball gown!
I have to find a pith helmet!
Whoo. Can you spell, desperate?
How many chances do I get?
Maddie? What are you still doing here?
David didn't show up.
Oh, I'm sorry.
How could he have not shown up?
I mean, this is the night we're supposed
to finally meet and fall in love
and swing off on a vine.
Honey, I love
that you are a true romantic, but...
did it ever occur to you that maybe,
to him, this is just picking up a phone?
Oh, no. No, no.
We're meant to be together.
I mean, we both love Vivaldi
and Van Gogh and the rainforest and--
[GASPS]
We're not meant to be together!
No! That's not necessarily true.
-All I meant was that--
-I know what you meant.
When am I going to learn
that life is not a fairy tale?
-That there are no storybook endings?
-But--
I'm going to wind up bitter
and all alone, just like you!
[WEEPS]
Glad I could help.
-And then, on the 17th day of our trip,
-Uh-huh.
me and Dad crossed the international
date line, and he was on one side,
-and I was on the other.
-Uh-huh.
And when he told me
to do something right now, I told him,
"I already did that yesterday!"
-[LAUGHS]
-Oh, that's fascinating.
-Phew.
-Hey, can I borrow Travis for a second?
Oh, second, minute, century,
yesterday, tomorrow, I really don't care.
Oh.
Hey, Cody, we still on for bowling later?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
But first, I need a favor.
Do you know anything
about Japanese tea ceremonies?
What don't I know?
First documented
in the Edo period, tea cer--
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it. Look.
I found out my girlfriend
and her grandmother
are coming here tomorrow for tea,
and I want to perform
a Japanese tea ceremony for them.
To master the tea ceremony
takes a lifetime.
I got a day.
Good luck.
-But Travis--
-Okay, okay.
I'll write down
everything you need to know,
because there are many gestures
that must be performed in a certain order.
Is that the first gesture in the ceremony?
No, my shorts are just riding up.
Hurry up! Dakota's
going to be here any minute.
Sorry. I got a late start.
I had to help your brother.
Ahh, forget him. He's a loser.
Funny. He said the same thing about you.
So, Zack,
we're still going bowling, right?
Sure, sure.
But it's important
that Dakota thinks I cooked this food.
So stay back here and be quiet.
Oh, a rice paper screen.
Not unlike the ones
they use in Southern Thailand
-for the ancient art of shadow puppetry--
-Yeah, yeah, whatever.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Zack, door!
Ahh. My bad.
Hey, Zack.
-Ready to study?
-Oh, yes.
Sure. But not on an empty stomach.
Here you go. Try one of these.
[CRUNCHES]
Mmm.
You know, this is delicious.
TRAVIS: Thanks.
-A lot.
Thanks, thanks a lot.
You know, it's eating something
I learned in gourmet chef school.
-It is called--
TRAVIS: Foie Gras en Coupe.
Frog paw with fruit.
You mean Foie Gras en Coupe.
Well, we can talk, or we can eat.
Wow, Zack.
You're a lot more sophisticated
than I thought.
[CHUCKLES]
An understandable mistake.
You were misled by my boyish charm
and my priceless collection of...
action figures.
Hi, Maddie.
How did things go with your phone guy?
He never showed up.
Oh, honey.
So, this time,
you were dumped before you met the guy?
Oh, well. It saved you a lot of time.
You know, I don't care
if I ever hear from David again.
-[CELL PHONE PLAYS VIVALDI'S "SPRING"]
-It's David.
Ooh, it's a text message.
"Sorry I didn't show.
Got held up at medical school."
[GASPS]
He's studying to be a doctor.
Probably for the poor!
-Scalpel.
-Scalpel!
-Sponge.
-Sponge!
-Lips.
Uh, excuse me.
Excuse me.
Why are you kissing that sofa cushion?
Because...
we had a pillow fight,
and now, we're making up.
Got to go.
Konichiwa--
[STAMMERS]
Oh.
I hope Travis numbered these.
But why did he have to do it in Japanese?
All right, next, try this dish.
Mmm. Fondue.
I'm fond of you, too.
Uh...
Excuse me for a second.
Okay. I just need you for a sec, okay?
What are you doing here?
I got to borrow Travis now.
Uh-uh. Forget it.
Look, I'll have him back in 10 minutes.
Well, how are you going to get him out
of here without Dakota seeing him?
Sorry to disturb you.
Just had to borrow a cup of sugar.
Oh!
I should really see a doctor about this.
Yeah, you should.
Good-bye.
Let me guess. You didn't cook the meal.
[SIGHS]
All right.
I can't lie to you.
The truth is, is I dropped out of gourmet
chef school to join the Marines.
Hoo-hah!
[SIGHS]
More like, ha-ha.
Come on, Zack.
All right.
I had a little help.
But I only wanted to impress you.
Well, maybe it's the frog paw talking,
but you did.
Really?
Any guy who goes to this much trouble
deserves a second chance.
Hey. Even when I'm bad, I'm good.
[LAUGHS]
You know, you guys really
don't have to be here.
Oh, we want to see
the man behind the phone.
See, Maddie? There are happy endings.
It may not be so happy.
For all we know, he could be hideous.
I don't care what he looks like.
He could be short, tall, fat, or thin.
Excuse me. Um, I'm looking for Maddie?
You left out old.
-I'm Maddie.
-Ahh.
-You must be David.
-Yeah.
I could tell by your phone,
you have a lot of class.
-Mmm.
-Class of '22.
-[LAUGHS]
-Okay. That's-- you know what?
-Enough of that.
-I'm sorry.
[INDISTINCT]
Here's your phone.
I'd like to thank you
for taking care of my phone for me.
May I buy you a hot chocolate?
-I'd love that.
-Good.
[MADDIE GIGGLES]
By the time they get there,
it ain't going to be hot.
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
Oh.
-Konichiwa.
-Cody, what are you doing here?
Uh, I wanted to honor your grandmother by
performing the traditional tea ceremony.
-[SPEAKS JAPANESE]
-Arigato.
Give me a break-o.
As you know, the water jar represents...
the sun.
And the bowl represents...
uh...
the butt?
Oh! The moon! The moon!
Oy vey.
You should do so well at this.
I know how to do it.
And besides, it's usually done by a woman.
I'm trying to prove
to you that I'm not a sexist pig.
Oh! I believe you're not a pig boy.
-Please, continue.
-Arigato.
Oh! Very good.
Do you see how he's meditating
over the fukusa?
[INSECT BUZZING]
Now he's really freaking me out.
-[GRUNTS]
-[ALL SCREAM]
Oh, I'm sorry.
-[PANTING]
Man, that bee was bigger than a blimp.
Thanks a lot.
Well, excuse me
for being allergic to bees.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Excuse me.
Pardon me.
That was great, Cody.
I've never seen a traditional
Japanese bee ceremony before.
-[LAUGHS]
-You mean you're not mad?
How could I be mad when you went
to so much effort to impress my Obasan?
I really did it for you, Barbara.
Oh, Cody.
Oh, Barbara!
Oh, gross!
Come on, Cody!
Barbara and Dakota are waiting
for us to take them ice skating.
[SCOFFS]
Nice makeup, mom.
This is an Amazon mud mask.
According to Travis, it's been keeping
tribal women wrinkle-free for centuries.
And single.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hiya, guys. You ready to bowl?
-Hi, Ms. Martin.
-Hi, sweetie.
Gee, Travis.
You know, I feel really bad,
but the thing is...
We got dates, dude.
Catch you tomorrow.
I wish, but my ship leaves tonight and
we won't be back for, like, seven years.
Ooh. Well, in that case, see you then!
Okay.
Looking good in that mask, Ms. Martin.
See you.
[SQUEAKS]
After everything Travis did for you two,
you should be ashamed of yourselves.
If I could move my face underneath
this mask, I would be so frowning at you.
Travis, we're so glad you're still here.
Look. We changed our minds.
We want to go bowling with you.
It was my idea. Cody was against it,
but, you know, I talked him into it.
Gee, guys. Sorry.
But I made other plans.
Ok. We're ready.
But those are our girls.
Well, as the Tibetan Sherpas say,
"when you meet on a narrow mountain path,
-move over.
-[GIRLS LAUGH]
-But Dakota--
-Don't "but Dakota" me.
How could you stand up this sweet,
adorable little kid?
Yeah. Look at that--
[INDISTINCT]
Come on, Travi.
You cannot just take our girlfriends.
Guys, I'm about to go to sea
for seven years.
Let me have this.
BOTH:
Anchors aweigh.
I can't believe
how much we have in common.
I know.
You like 300-year-old music,
I'm 300 years old.
I like Van Gogh.
I knew Van Gogh.
[LAUGHS]
You are so funny.
So are you.
I hope you don't mind my asking,
but are you single?
Oh, David.
[GIGGLES]
I am so flattered, but...
my mom doesn't let me
go out with anyone older than me.
Neither does my mom.
I was asking for my grandson.
He's exactly like me,
except his hips are original.
Are you ready, Grandpa? We're going
to be late for the Vivaldi--
-Hello.
-David?
-No, it's Jeffery.
-Oh, right.
Sorry.
It's just-- Somehow,
it seems like we met before.
-He just broke up with his girlfriend.
-Oh, what a shame. My name is Maddie.
Do you believe in fairy tales?
Not so fast.
This ramp is uphill.